Add new Slack channel suggestions (#17715)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/sales-and-cs-tools.md

- <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C09HKF565MZ'>#customer-churn</PrivateLink> - discussion of potential and actual customer churn.
- <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C09HKF565MZ'>#changelog</PrivateLink> - product launches.
- <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0975UEGHT5'>#today-i-learned</PrivateLink> - where we share our learnings.
- <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C07TQR0V16U'>#ask-max</PrivateLink> - bot focused on internal processes and questions.
- <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0AP5NXF8D7'>#demo-posthog-anything</PrivateLink> - show off something cool or see how others are demoing things.

> - <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0B5QBS29QU'>#coming-soon</PrivateLink> - see what's coming soon. What more did you expect here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0B5QBS29QU'>#coming-soon</PrivateLink> - see what's coming soon - a schedule of upcoming product launches.
```
